C# Programming Homework 07 Chapter 07, C# Step by Step Readings Read chapter 7 in the C# Step by Step book. Discussion Questions Answer the discussion questions in writing. 

1. What is a class? According to the book, what does a class “arrange?” 
arrange information and behavior into a meaningful entity.

2. What are the two purposes of encapsulation? 
To combine methods and data within a class; in other words, to support classification
 To control the accessibility of the methods and data; in other words, to control the use of the class

3. How do you instantiate an instance of a class? How do you access that instance?
Circle c; // Create a Circle variable 
c = new Circle(); // Initialize it

 4. What is the default access of the fields and methods of a class? How do you change the default? 
Private is the default, you change it by specifying public

5. What is the syntax for writing a constructor? 
class Circle 
{ 
    private int radius; 
    public Circle() // default constructor 
    { 
        radius = 0; 
    } 
 
    public double Area() 
    { 
        return Math.PI * radius * radius; 
    } 
}

6. What is the difference between class fields and methods, and instance fields and methods? How do you create class fields and methods? 
class fields and methods are permanent in memory
instance fields and methods are stored in RAM

7. How do you bring a static class in scope? Why would you want to bring a static class in scope? 
by using the name of the class.
To not depend on an instance of the class

8. Can you think of a good reason to create an anonymous class? What is it? 
Decoupling application logic and handling events.

9. What is polymorphism as this term is used in computer science? This is not in the book. 
In a programming language that exhibits polymorphism, objects of classes belonging to the same hierarchical tree (inherited from a common base class) may possess functions bearing the same name, but each having different behaviors.
10. What is message passing as this term is used in computer science? This is not in the book. 
the sending of a message to a process which can be an object, parallel process, subroutine, function, or thread.

11. What was the first object-oriented programming language? 
SIMULA

12. Consider this quote by Alexander Stepanov: I find OOP technically unsound. It attempts to decompose the world in terms of interfaces that vary on a single type. To deal with the real problems you need multisorted algebras — families of interfaces that span multiple types. I find OOP philosophically unsound. It claims that everything is an object. Even if it is true it is not very interesting — saying that everything is an object is saying nothing at all. Who is Alexander Stephanov? What do you think about this quote?
